As a family we have always served Jehovah together, but something was changing in my husband.
He said he was just burned out, but he started to miss all of the meetings.
I couldn't believe I was doing this by myself.
The elder stopped by to encourage him, but he didn't change.
He stopped taking the lead spiritually.
I was getting more and more upset.
I tried to remind him of his responsibilities as a spiritual head, and what he should be doing.
But the more I said, the worse things got, and it drove him further away.
I didn't know what to do.
I was only seeing my own struggles.
I didn't see his.
After the meeting, the elders encouraged me.
They shared with me first Peter 3-1 which says,
If any or not obedient to the word, they may be one without a word through the conduct of their wives.
I could see there was another way to handle this situation.
My attitude and actions can have a strong effect on my husband,
and showing empathy and compassion goes a long way, even more than words.
I thought about the Bible example of Abigail.
Her husband, Nebel, was a worthless man.
But Abigail was so patient.
My husband was no Nebel.
My husband was nothing like that.
That night we had a good talk.
I allowed him to express his feelings, and I just listened.
He was under more pressure than I realized.
I told him not to feel any pressure from me, and to come back when he's ready.
I assured him that the kids and I love him very much.
That assurance went a long way.
Everyone was feeling better.
Though it took some time, things started changing for the better.
My attitude and support went so much farther than any words ever could.
When we apply Bible principles, we don't always know what blessings may come about.
I am forever thankful for Jehovah's guidance.